README.md, before:

# Debit Cards With Cash Back

## Unlimited Cards

### Personal Cards
|Name|CashBack|PPBP|More Info|
|---|---|---|---|
|[M1](https://m1.com)|1%|:white_check_mark:|Shutdown Oct 31st
|[Fold](https://foldapp.com)|0.5%|:white_check_mark:|
|[Greendot](https://greendot.com)|1%|:question:| May not work with PPBP per @oaato 05/04/2023
|[Step](https://step.com)|1-3%|:question:|
|[Opportunity Bank](https://opportunitybank.com)|1|:question:|Explictly excludes Google Wllaet, Paypal, Venmo, Square Cash and Money Gram transactions from cashback|
|[Dogecard](https://dogecard.co)|0.85-3%|:question:|
|[Lending Club](https://lendingclub.com)|1%|:question:|
|[Curve](https://curve.com)|1%|:white_check_mark:|Cashback is introductory for first 30 days to 6 months
|[Juno](https://juno.finance)|0.88% - 1.88%|:white_check_mark:| Uses complicated virtual coin/point system. 2jcoins per 1$ direct deposited, 2 jcoins per 1$ spent, can boost 6x a year to 6 jcoins per spend for 1 week. 1jcoin = 0.001$ when redeemed for giftcards but can redeem for high value cards, 50$ giftcard = 45k jcoins|
|[OneVIP](https://onevip.com)|0.5%|:question:|

### Business Cards
|Name|CashBack|PPBP|More Info|
|---|---|---|---|
|[Grasshopper](https://grasshopper.bank)|1%|:question:|
|[My Honnor Bank](https://myhonorbank.com)|0.25-1%|:question:|

## Unknown Cards

### Personal Cards
|Name|CashBack|PPBP|More Info|
|---|---|---|---|
|[CCC ULV](https://ccculv.org)|1-3%|:question:|
|[First Financial](https://firstfinancial.org)|0.5%|:question:|
|[Upgrade](https://upgrade.com)|2%|:question:|
|[Eco](https://ecoapp.com)|2%|:question:|
|[OAS FCU](https://oasfcu.org)|1.5%|:question:|
|[United Financial](https://unitedfinancialcu.org)|:question:|:question:|
|[Texas Bank](https://texasbnk.com)|:question:|:question:|
|[One Nevada](https://onenevada.org)|0.5%|:question:|
|[Ugami](https://ugami.com/)|1-3%|:question:|
|[Obee](https://obee.com)|1%|:question:|
|[BlueDot](https://thebluedot.co)|2%|:x:|
|[Stash](https://stash.com)|1%|:question:|
|[Treecard](https://treecard.org)|1-3%|:question:|
|[Onyx Private](https://onyxprivate.com)|1-5%|:question:|
|[Use Eagle](https://useagle.org)|:question:|:question:|
|[Varo Money](https://varomoney.com)|1-6%|:question:|
|[Revolut](https://revolut.com)|1-30%|:question:|

### Lottery
|Name|CashBack|Limit|PPBP|More Info|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|[Yotta](https://withyotta.com)|0-10k|:question:|:question:|
|[PrizePool](https://getprizepool.com)|0-100%|:x:|:white_check_mark: (tickets only)|

### Crypto Cashback
|Name|CashBack|Limit|PPBP|More Info|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|[Crypto](https://crypto.com)|1-5%|:question:|:x:|
|[Hi](https://hi.com)|1-12%|:question:|:question:|Not out yet
|[Bit 2 Me](https://bit2me.com)|0-7%|:question:|:question:|

### Charity
|Name|CashBack|Limit|PPBP|More Info|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|[Cause Card](https://getcausecard.com)|0.9%|:question:|:question:|
|[Price Card](https://paywithpride.com)|0.9%|:question:|:question:|

## Limited Cards

### Personal Cards
|Name|CashBack|Limit|PPBP|More Info|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|[Axos Bank](https://axosbank.com)|1%|20$|:x:|
|[Laurel Road](https://laurelroad.com)|10$ a month|:question:|:question:|
|[Affinity FCU](https://affinityfcu.com)|1%|10$|:white_check_mark:|
|[Aloha Pacific](https://alohapacific.com)|0.5%|9$|:x:|
|[Quontic](https://quontic.com)|1%|50$|:question:|
|[Stash](https://stash.com)|1%|10$|:question:|

### Lottery
|Name|CashBack|Limit|PPBP|More Info|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|[Moneylion](https://moneylion.com)|0-100%|500$ per spend|:question:|

Commit message:

Add shakepay, beehive, oxygen and privacy

README.md, after:

# Debit Cards With Cash Back

## Unlimited Cards

### Personal Cards
|Name|CashBack|PPBP|More Info|
|---|---|---|---|
|[M1](https://m1.com)|1%|:white_check_mark:|Shutdown Oct 31st
|[Fold](https://foldapp.com)|0.5%|:white_check_mark:|
|[Greendot](https://greendot.com)|1%|:question:| May not work with PPBP per @oaato 05/04/2023
|[Step](https://step.com)|1-3%|:question:|
|[Opportunity Bank](https://opportunitybank.com)|1|:question:|Explictly excludes Google Wllaet, Paypal, Venmo, Square Cash and Money Gram transactions from cashback|
|[Dogecard](https://dogecard.co)|0.85-3%|:question:|
|[Lending Club](https://lendingclub.com)|1%|:question:|
|[Curve](https://curve.com)|1%|:white_check_mark:|Cashback is introductory for first 30 days to 6 months
|[Juno](https://juno.finance)|0.88% - 1.88%|:white_check_mark:| Uses complicated virtual coin/point system. 2jcoins per 1$ direct deposited, 2 jcoins per 1$ spent, can boost 6x a year to 6 jcoins per spend for 1 week. 1jcoin = 0.001$ when redeemed for giftcards but can redeem for high value cards, 50$ giftcard = 45k jcoins|
|[OneVIP](https://onevip.com)|0.5%|:question:|
|[Shakepay](https://shakepay.com)|1%|:question:| Canadians only
|[Beehive](https://beehive.org)|1%|:question:| Only for members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints

### Business Cards
|Name|CashBack|PPBP|More Info|
|---|---|---|---|
|[Grasshopper](https://grasshopper.bank)|1%|:question:|
|[My Honnor Bank](https://myhonorbank.com)|0.25-1%|:question:|

## Unknown Cards

### Personal Cards
|Name|CashBack|PPBP|More Info|
|---|---|---|---|
|[CCC ULV](https://ccculv.org)|1-3%|:question:|
|[First Financial](https://firstfinancial.org)|0.5%|:question:|
|[Upgrade](https://upgrade.com)|2%|:question:|
|[Eco](https://ecoapp.com)|2%|:question:|
|[OAS FCU](https://oasfcu.org)|1.5%|:question:|
|[United Financial](https://unitedfinancialcu.org)|:question:|:question:|
|[Texas Bank](https://texasbnk.com)|:question:|:question:|
|[One Nevada](https://onenevada.org)|0.5%|:question:|
|[Ugami](https://ugami.com/)|1-3%|:question:|
|[Obee](https://obee.com)|1%|:question:|
|[BlueDot](https://thebluedot.co)|2%|:x:|
|[Stash](https://stash.com)|1%|:question:|
|[Treecard](https://treecard.org)|1-3%|:question:|
|[Onyx Private](https://onyxprivate.com)|1-5%|:question:|
|[Use Eagle](https://useagle.org)|:question:|:question:|
|[Varo Money](https://varomoney.com)|1-6%|:question:|
|[Revolut](https://revolut.com)|1-30%|:question:|

### Lottery
|Name|CashBack|Limit|PPBP|More Info|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|[Yotta](https://withyotta.com)|0-10k|:question:|:question:|
|[PrizePool](https://getprizepool.com)|0-100%|:x:|:white_check_mark: (tickets only)|

### Crypto Cashback
|Name|CashBack|Limit|PPBP|More Info|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|[Crypto](https://crypto.com)|1-5%|:question:|:x:|
|[Hi](https://hi.com)|1-12%|:question:|:question:|Not out yet
|[Bit 2 Me](https://bit2me.com)|0-7%|:question:|:question:|

### Charity
|Name|CashBack|Limit|PPBP|More Info|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|[Cause Card](https://getcausecard.com)|0.9%|:question:|:question:|
|[Price Card](https://paywithpride.com)|0.9%|:question:|:question:|

## Limited Cards

### Personal Cards
|Name|CashBack|Limit|PPBP|More Info|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|[Axos Bank](https://axosbank.com)|1%|20$|:x:|
|[Laurel Road](https://laurelroad.com)|10$ a month|:question:|:question:|
|[Affinity FCU](https://affinityfcu.com)|1%|10$|:white_check_mark:|
|[Aloha Pacific](https://alohapacific.com)|0.5%|9$|:x:|
|[Quontic](https://quontic.com)|1%|50$|:question:|
|[Stash](https://stash.com)|1%|10$|:question:|
|[Oxygen](https://oxygen.us)|1$|1$|:question:|Limited to fashfood and 1$ per 8.99$ spend. Once per 24 hours.
|[Privacy](https://privacy.com)|1%|45$|:question:| Requires paying for 10$ a month plan


### Lottery
|Name|CashBack|Limit|PPBP|More Info|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|[Moneylion](https://moneylion.com)|0-100%|500$ per spend|:question:|
